No hurry, you can send it to investigate first.
If the Ye family really dares to collude with the murderer
You don't need to do it.
I ordered Ye Jiaquan
Ye Feifan
I want Shen Qianyao to live
Bring Taiji to the Shen family
Golden Dragon
How dare you!
Ye Feifan, if it weren't for you
I won't be a street rat
I'll give you ten minutes.
One minute later
I will break one of Shen Qianyao's arms
Jinlong must be prepared
I'll continue with you.
No, I'll go alone.
You see me go every night
I'm afraid this is Ye's brand new Tiao Wulin Mountain
Don't waste your time.
Ye Feifan won't come to save me
Will he come?
Lord, please forgive us
There is a debt and a master
You are looking for that trash Ye Feifan.
Don't embarrass us two, shut up
East and West Jinglong
Just let us go
We'll give you as much as you want.
Money hum
I can't
See if you still have some beauty
Make me comfortable tonight
I'll spare you
What a man tossing around
He only dares to show his prestige to women